Clarify in the docs how to use this module with fastify-cookie (#214)
fastify/fastify-oauth2: README.md

# @fastify/oauth2

> ![CI](https://g@ithub.com/fastify/fastify-oauth2/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![CI](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-oauth2/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
```

})
```

### Usage with `@fastify/cookie`

> Since v7.2.0, `@fastify/oauth2` requires the use of cookies to securely implement the OAuth2 exchange. Therefore, if you need `@fastify/cookie` yoursself,
> you'd need to register  it up _before_ `@fastify/oauth2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v7.2.0, `@fastify/oauth2` requires the use of cookies to securely implement the OAuth2 exchange. Therefore, if you need `@fastify/cookie` yourself,
you will need to register it  _before_ `@fastify/oauth2`.
```
